Add WebAssembly compilation (#9006)
cvc5/cvc5: INSTALL.rst

library can be found in ``<build_dir>/lib``.

WebAssembly Compilation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Compiling cvc5 to WebAssembly needs the emscripten SDK (version 3.1.18). Setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compiling cvc5 to WebAssembly needs the Emscripten SDK (version 3.1.18). Setting
```

Let's say `version 3.1.18 or later`.

>  up EMSDK can be done as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 up emsdk can be done as follows:
```

.. code:: bash

  git clone https://github.com/emscripten-core/emsdk.git
  cd emsdk
  ./emsdk install <version>   # <version> = '3.1.18' is preferable, but 
                              # <version> = 'latest' has high chance of working
  ./emsdk activate <version>
  source ./emsdk_env.sh   # Activate PATH and other environment variables in the

>                           # current terminal. Whenever emscripten is going to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                          # current terminal. Whenever Emscripten is going to be
```

                          # used this command needs to be called before because 
                          # emsdk doesn't insert the binaries paths directly in 
                          # the system PATH variable.

> Look at the `emscripten dependencies list <https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html#platform-specific-notes>`_
> . The user is expected to install it beforehand with his own system package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the `emscripten dependencies list <https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html#platform-specific-notes>`_ to ensure that all required dependencies are installed on the system.
```

Then, in the cvc5:

.. code:: bash

>   ./configure.sh --static --static-binary --auto-download --wasm=<value> <configure options...>

Author: ```suggestion
  ./configure.sh --static --static-binary --auto-download --wasm=<value> --wasm-flags='<value>' <configure options...>
```

>   ./configure.sh --static --static-binary --auto-download --wasm=<value> --wasm-flags='<value>' <configure options...>

Author: ```suggestion
  ./configure.sh --static --static-binary --auto-download --wasm=<value> --wasm-flags='<emscripten flags>' <configure options...>
```

library can be found in ``<build_dir>/lib``.

WebAssembly Compilation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Compiling cvc5 to WebAssembly needs the Emscripten SDK (version 3.1.18 or 
latter). Setting up emsdk can be done as follows:

.. code:: bash

  git clone https://github.com/emscripten-core/emsdk.git
  cd emsdk
  ./emsdk install <version>   # <version> = '3.1.18' is preferable, but 
                              # <version> = 'latest' has high chance of working
  ./emsdk activate <version>
  source ./emsdk_env.sh   # Activate PATH and other environment variables in the
                          # current terminal. Whenever Emscripten is going to be
                          # used this command needs to be called before because 
                          # emsdk doesn't insert the binaries paths directly in 
                          # the system PATH variable.

Refer to the `emscripten dependencies list <https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html#platform-specific-notes>`_ 
to ensure that all required dependencies are installed on the system.

> Then, in the cvc5:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in the cvc5 directory:
```

.. code:: bash

  ./configure.sh --static --static-binary --auto-download --wasm=<value> --wasm-flags='<emscripten flags>' <configure options...>

  cd <build_dir>   # default is ./build
  make             # use -jN for parallel build with N threads

``--wasm`` can take three values: ``WASM`` (will generate the wasm file for cvc5), ``JS``
(not only the wasm, but the .js glue code for web integration) and ``HTML`` (both
the last two files and also an .html file which supports the run of the glue
code).

``--wasm-flags`` take a string wrapped by a single quote containing the
`emscripten flags <https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten/blob/main/src/settings.js>`_,
which modifies how the wasm and glue code are built and how they behave. An ``-s``
should precede each flag.

> For an example if one wants to have an modularized glue code, you can try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to generate modularized glue code, use:
```
